I love these pants so much!! I'm going to be wearing them constantly. They fit amazingly. I'm a size 0, I'm a very petite teen. so It's very hard for me to find pants that fit my tiny waist and legs.I was hesitant ordering these but I thought I would give it a shot, because lets face it, It's not everyday you find pants that look like this. So I ordered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;
I get compliments on these shoes!  I wanted a ballet flat with a little jazz and this fit the bill. The cusioned insole feels great, I can wear them all day.
At first, I thought these boots were identical to the taller version I use most of the year.  Then I looked more closely at the bottom (much more tread) and the interior.  The inside is not as &#34;fleecy&#34; as I expected, but the boots fit well so I tried them on a mile plus hike in 10 inch or so snow yesterday wearing my usual, rather thin, nylon socks (carrying back ups in case!).  These boots were great.  Comfortable when walking.  WARM!  I was very pleased!  Muck boots are worth the price any time, but these are outstanding for winter wear!
I purchased this bag in the pewter color after seeing someone with the printed version.  First off in terms of color, I love the pewter which is a great neutral color to go with everything.  I also like the contrasting lining which is a yellow color that makes everything very visible in the bag.  No more digging into the abyss of a purse looking for something.Another great feature of this bag is all the pockets on the outside.  I used this for vacation and it was great to be able to stick my water bottle on the side.  I also could use the other side pocket for my sunglasses and camera.  Everything stayed put easily but was at my fingertips when I wanted it.The size of this purse is great.  Not to big for me as I am used to carrying a tote for all my essentials.  I could fit all my stuff along with my hubby's wallet and young daughter's items in this pocketbook.This is my first Baggallini purse but will certainly not be my last.
Great comfort and fit.  They come out of the wash looking brand new.  Very soft fabric with good "give".  Perfect for yoga.Just a little too long, but I can live with that.  I would definitely recommend them and would buy again.
Perfect size for most airlines, fits quite a bit of stuff, just wish it had another outside pocket. However the front pocket allows me to slide my laptop in front.
I bought this watch for my wife and she really loves it . I got it on a lightning deal from Amazon . I checked all the websites at the time and found out that this watch was over a thousand dollars ... it's a shame that not even a week after I purchased it the price went down dramatically . Anyway I'm happy that I only payed $200 for it and the wife is happy with it . happy wife ,happy life . Thank you Amazon for the merchandise and Gevril for creating another masterpiece
Super soft, warm, and lightweight - gave it 4 because there were a few loose threads that made it look a little cheap when it arrived - snipped them and they haven't returned. Would give it a 4.5 if I could.
Felt cheep.  It is not as warm as I thought it should be considering it is the storm fleece.  I did keep it for my husband.  It does run a bit small, so order up.
I loved the earrings. They were beautiful. But the silver back broke after wearing them once.I returned the earrings and still waiting for another pair, even exchange.
I really love these shoes comfort level.I m a big and tall guy who is always up and down roofs,these shoe provide great support and comfort.There is only a bit of issue when the soles get wet.They get a little slippery.But they are supper great in all other aspect,also your feet are  ventilated and cool through out the day.
I've had lower back pain for sometime. Discovered Asics about a year ago and their running shoes really helped. Back really got stiff after golf so I tried them and no stiff back after I play.
The packaging was weird.  The were pack loose and not in a actual package.  Other than that no problems with the socks.
I bought this necklace and earring set for my vow renewal. I was hesitant because of the super low price...I did not want something that looked cheap.  I was pleasantly surprised. I got much more than I paid for!  The necklace has an expensive look and nice weight. The stones are perfectly clear and shimmer beautifully. The earrings are okay..they have the same quality as the necklace, but do not detract from it. The bonus bracelet, though, is a cheapy toss-in. It is not bride quality, but was perfect for my pre-teen daughter.
I love  the dress as the Grim Reaper for Halloween, but have not done so in a while.  Most of the costumes on-line or in stores are so ordinary and cheaply made.  Not this one!.  The mask looks so authentic, given the jaw moves an the design is very detailed.  I used pieces of black hosiery to cover the eye sockets, to complete the nefarious effect. The outfit itself was so much more than I expected.  Heavy, high quality materials were used, including the rope sash.  The tattered sleeves and pant legs were also very well done.  I got rave reviews with this costume!  Highly recommend it!  Worth every penny!  Be warned that because it is so well made, with heavy materials, it is warm to wear, so no need to wear heavy clothing underneath.
I love this dress, it is so feminine and fits great! It is quite well made and I like it so much, I bought it in another color too!
These are very well made socks, but for the price, I expect the fit to be perfect.  I wear size 13 and ordered the XL socks.  The quality is good, and you can't beat their lifetime guarantee, but they are very tight across the front of my ankle.  I have to really stretch the material out to get them to feel OK.  By the end of the day they stretch out and fit, but the first couple hours are a little uncomfortable.
This is a good chronograph watch with all the major functions I wanted. It goes well with casual looks as well as dressy looks. The watch is a bit heavy, but I like heavy watches so this is not a negetive for me. The band is comfortable and clasp closes securely.
This is a fine product but I thought there would be 14 of them based on the item title. FYI: You only get 1. The title is misleading.
I bought this beach bag after doing much research deciding what bag would fit everything I needed for a family with children.  This bag is great!  We can easily fit 4 or more beach towels in it, multiple containers of suntan lotion, water bottles, cell phones, camera, etc and still have room to spare!  I would recommend this beach bag to any family - you won't be disappointed!
Great medium sized summer tote bag, as described on Amazon. Using it for my trip to Hawaii, later this summer.
These camis are one of my favorite finds on Amazon.  I was hesitant of the one size fits all, but I am 5'4" and weigh about 115 pounds and these fit perfectly.  Initially, I ordered them in two colors.  Four of five months later, they still look great.  The colors I have are pretty and bold, so it is easy to add something extra to the outfit by layering.  They have held up to wear and washing without fading, stretching, or knotting.  A pet peeve of mine is material that collects lint and these camis pass the test with flying colors.
I ordered this bra to wear under my thin strap and strapless shirts.  It is very comfortable and fits very well.  I would recommend it to any woman who is looking for a good, strapless bra that offers support.
I ordered these snowpants so they would be big on her.  There weren't any snowpants that were her size or price either.  She will grow into these snowpants, plus these snowpants have adjustable straps.  The snowpants zip in the front and the side zipper is only on the bottom of the pants on the side and comes up maybe 6-12 inches and has another lining under the pants it self in the area where it zips and unzips down on the bottom so that the child can get there pants in the boot and then put the snowpants over the boot.
I have been looking for a pair of shearling slippers for a long time. After plenty of research I decided to try the Tamarac slippers. They are awesome. Ordered my standard shoe size 9 wide and they fit perfectly. Keeps my feet warm and keeps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.
A proper watch, very comfortable, easy to read. Nice size, not a pompous monstrosity. If you need a business causal watch, this fits the bill. I could not be happier.
These also have no tags, and are nicely tight fitting. I'm a slim 6'0&#34; and the Large fits snugly. They are really long if you have a hotty girlfriend that needs a nighty, lol
Definitely not what I expected. It's too bulky and the size is way too large. So when you order it should be an inch smaller than your actual size. I will not be able to wear it at all. What a shame!
Exelentt, this is my favourtite watch, i love it. i use it everydayy!!! its Really cool and stylish, i get a lot of compliments about itt!!!
Shoe is exactly like the picture. Amazons Shipping was Excellent, brought on 25/07 received on 30/07.It was a gamble getting size 11 as that's my normal shoe size. Shoes fits good would possibly be better a half size down.Packaging was good, only minor tear in the shoe box itself.Will be definitely be getting more.
I bought these for my granddaughter. She has just learned to walk and like when my kids were learning to walk, you buy only the best for their feet to start them out right!  So her first two pairs of shoes have been Stride Rite!!
I am dissatisfied with the quality of the article, the same when using a third time detached white front indicates the minutes. the quality is not good
The fabric is very thick and keeps the clothing from pulling in directions where the snaps are. I've found that to be a problem with some of these kimono style onesies.
CAUTIONARY VENDOR TALE FIRST: (Please see addendum below, they made good on the order!)I received my Sanita clogs in great time--especially considering they were ordered the Friday before Memorial Day! They arrived, I excitedly opened the box, and was horrified to discover that even though they are leather lined, they are fabric covered! The description is very misleading because it says "leather uppers" and doesn't mention textile ANYWHERE. The online view didn't allow me to zoom in to see the details of the product before ordering, it's very misleading. So ordering them was a bit of a risk in the first place. That's not the worst, though. There was a crack in the sole and the paint was peeling off the staples and the soles looked worn. There were sold as new! Because the item isn't specifically sold by Amazon, I may possibly NOT get a refund because defect refunds are at the discretion of the seller. So yes, please beware of the vendor--European Walking Store. They have high customer satisfaction rating, but I'm a little less than pleased with them. So ZERO STARS FOR THE VENDOR.Sanita Prof Zina closed orange clogs review:They are beautiful clogs! VERY unique! Please be informed that they are fabric covered, so if being purchased for work, don't wear them if they could get things spilled on them because clean up will be crazy. Especially if you're in food service or are a nurse. My son told me to get some spray plastic for them :-D or OR booties. *sigh*Anyway. They are the coolest clogs I've ever seen anywhere and they fit like they were made for me. If they weren't defective, I'd keep them. Order up a size for sure--I wear a 10.5-11 in US sizes, and ordered a 42 and they fit perfectly. Something to also remember with closed clogs is that you DON'T want the back to fit snug against the heel--there should be a gap. If you have a profession where you're on your feet all day, I highly, highly recommend this brand (Sanita). A takes just a short while to adjust to the arch, but it's really fantastic. Just be careful of the vendor (European Walking Store)!IMPORTANT ADDENDUM: I sent these clogs back, received a $10 "we're very sorry" credit from European Walking Store, and was able to replace my order. They were very prompt with replying to any questions I had about the order, very courteous in all ways--over the phone and with e-mail. The replacement clogs were in great shape in every way, also. THANK YOU!!!!
The halo is ok.  The picture included more colors that the actual product.It did arrive quickly.
Great set. I bought these for me and my girlfriend for Christmas and they came two weeks earlier than expected. They are very well made the chain is a good length and good on the eyes. My girlfriend and I have been wearing them ever since a and we love them
These are really great shirts. They are soft, true to size, and very comfortable. I bought three, and I'm so happy with them, I plan to buy more colors.
I was pleased with the promptness of delivery and the packaging of these products. Thank you.
I knew when I saw it that is would be mine!  It is very nice and not overly revealing.  It does hug your curves nicely but you must order the right size!  I wasn't sure at first to get a medium or a large, so I went with the large and it is still tight on me (a couple of weeks of working out I will shrink pretty easy :).  I am 5'5 164 lbs. 36D hip 41' waist 31'.  I have broad shoulders as well so it was tight in the shoulders and in the hips  but like the other reviewers said the material is stretchy, I can still wear the costume just fine so I will not return it because it still looks so good!The headband is alright but I desired full round horns, so I ordered my own fancy horns from another site.  I am thinking of getting it altered around the shoulders and purple sequined neck area.  I want the "V" neck to be lower in the front to show of my "girls" more too.  Since I ordered my own horns I can use the extra fabric from the horns on the headband to use on my shoulder area and lower the V pretty easy so no biggie.  It is a long dress but with platform heels it is still long, for me I loved it dragging the floor a bit it gives the you a Queenly feel when you walk in it and I loved it like that. I had no problems walking in it or stepping on it (remember the dress fits your curves and the open front gives you room to move).  I am happy and can't wait to make it my own and wear it out!
This item is everything it was advertised to be.  W/we like it a lot.
Very pleased with this stuff, went on easily, and rinsed off easily leaving clean silver.  And some of my jewelry was really really tarnished...not anymore, and a little goes a long way, that tube will last me for 10 years easily
very nice a true representation of the sixtys and of woodstock would have liked a little thicker material to be on the safe side I recommend not putting it in the dryer I've worn it several times and got lots of compliments
The watch was beautiful except it said &#34;ichael Kors&#34; not &#34;Michael Kors&#34; on the face! Is Savvy Watch selling irregular or fake watches? I don't know but it ruined my daughters Christmas gift!
These leg warmers barely stretch around my calves; they are way too tight! I can't get them as high up on my legs as they are shown on the mannequin legs in the picture, and I definitely could never fit them on over leggings. I'm not stick-and-bones thin but most people consider me pretty small (for a frame of reference, in Express jeans I am usually a size 2-short). So I can't imagine too many adult women fitting into these unless they have those long, slender model-legs. They should probably be marketed as children's leggings, instead of "women's legwarmer" as they are labeled currently. On a positive note, they do look just like the picture. It's a shame they have to be so tight.
Good quality, style is also good, size is unclear, but the husband wear small, return very trouble, forget it, be careful next time.
Very well made jacket at a great price.  I'm very satisfied with the fit and finish.  With regard to sizes, I noticed a trend in the other reviews I read.  Those that had trouble with the sizes, saying they tend to run small, were those individuals in the multiple extra large categories.  For people like myself who wear a medium, the sizes tend to run more true.  If I had taken their advice and ordered a large, I would have ended up sending it back for a medium. A large would have been much to big. So, I'm glad I noticed that trend in the reviews and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.
If you have 2 right hands this is the glove for you.  Poor quality and thin.  The two right hands were also 2 different sizes.
It is true that you get what you pay for. Look closely at the picture (3 button front) without anchors. No rear vent. Light material. Get a real one at SchottNYC.com for more cost but well worth it! Wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wants anything but a budget coat.
I've had this for 6 years, and originally bought it for airsofting (paintball but more realistic). I modified airsoft guns a lot and needed to be able to get a speed reading before hitting the field to make sure I'd be within field regulations. Airsoft speeds range from 250-600fps. These days I've put various 9mm and 12ga shotgun loads over it and it works like a charm, even in the case of bird and buck shot where you have multiple projectiles.I lost the light diffuser arches years ago, which does make it just a little tougher to use, but once you get used to what it wants for light, you can learn how to use it with or without them. It's not hard.My F-1 Chrono has been tossed into and out of boxes, karted around on the airsoft field and the shooting range, and has been through a lot of abuse. The metal is bent in a few places and the plastic protecting the screen has come off from being hit a few times with airsoft bbs, but it still works great.Only down side I've ever noticed is that it seems to slowly drain its 9V battery if you leave the battery plug hooked up when it's in storage. The battery is exposed inside the unit though, so it's a 2-second thing to disconnect it. Not a big enough deal to sway my 5-star rating.Buy one if you want to know how fast stuff is flying!
I like this watch because it is exactly what I was looking for, and as described on the website..I was very pleased.
Curvation Posture Underwire Bra (5304628)I love Curvations bras.  They fit well, are comfortable, wash well and wear well.  I like the convenience of being able to order them online.
Casio has a great product here.  It is easy to set and easy to go through the menus of the watch.  I love it.
The blue really isn't as vivid as in the picture. But my boyfriend liked it so I have no complaints.
The Rick Steves Silk Money Belt was worn by my husband.  He said that it was easy to wear, had just the right number of compartments, no probelm with airline security.  It made us feel that our passports, credit cards, and money, were all safe from pickpockets when travelling around in Europe.
this wig made my Katy Perry outfit for Halloween - the perfect shade of blue
I like them very much, but thought they would be a little bit more comfortable than they are, being that they are aerosoles. But they are comfortable.
DD#3 needed a chess set to take to chess club.  This is great and a great color for her too.
It was the size of a small handbag. not sure what the point of a bag this small is. I did read the HxWxL but dont think they match.
This necklace is super sweet & simple :) Love it & totally recommend it...great price too...only negative is the chain seems a little dainty for me, but I decided to keep it anyways!
I have adored all my Wave shoes in various models so I was looking forward to getting the same incredible comfort in a sandal.  I ordered my normal size but the instep strap was too narrow and cut into my forefoot.  I am sure that if I had had somewhat narrower feet I would have cherished these as I have my other Waves.
I don't know if the amber necklace has had an effect on my nursing baby but I do like the way it looks and how sturdy it is. My baby and toddler pull on it and it has held up to all the attention. The clamp is easy to do and the necklace is smooth and the stones are nice. So far so good!
OMg, they had this on sale for [...] this averaged $25 bucks for me. Now the price is up. this shoe is cute, only thing that sucks is that it comes in only whole sizes. I wasn't sure if i should go a 7 or 8. I did go for a 7 and while i have about a 1/4 or so of my foot hanging out in the back, the thing at the back doesn't make it visisble. The straps aren't stiff so you don't have to worry about them cutting into your foot, and the sole isn't hard and uncomfortable like the ones i've seen at aldos or bakers. if you're a 7.5, you may want to order an 8 or if your feet isn't a true 7.5, you can order a 7m. Even if a little bith of your feet hangs in the back, no one will see it.These shoes are easy to walk it. The khaki one is a little metallic. i think it has a lot more shine than i'd like but it's not soo much that i can't wear these shoes casually with a pair of shorts or dress.All in all, i like them. Not sure if i'd pay the full msrp for them but with some discount, they'll set you apart from the cheap look alikes you'll see at the stores in the mall.Oh, i think a person with wide or borderline wide foot can wear these. the straps are soo adjustaple.
The bag smells like it is stale.  I like the size of it, but haven't used it yet.Trying to figure out how to get rid of the smell before using it.  Right nowit is sitting in my trunk.
It was a bit too large for me and and I should have returned it but I needed it for a trip to Mexico. I used skin tape to keep the bra area from revealing too much. It's really a pretty dress. It runs big so order smaller. It is a great dress if you have large breasts. Mine were a bit too small for it.
I was so pleased with the silver Menorah I bought from Sabrina Silver a year or so ago I thought I would check out their  Star of David.  It was even better than I anticipated.  The picture doesn't do it justice.  The cut of the silver really makes it shine.  Just the right size and a great price!  I will likely buy more for gifts.
so hard to find all leather sandals, hate the manmade leather shoes. these sandals are amazing, comfy and will last!!!
But the metal is nice and heavy, good quality. The leather could be more supple, but that'll just take some wearing!
Very sturdy and razonable price for the quality. The made materials are first grade and the duffle are exceptional product.
I bought these for my guy ane he loves them.  He says they are very comfortable, soft and the fit is perfect.
whenever i wear this ring, i always get compliments....  it's lovely, the nother of pearl has a soft glow, and it's easy and comfortable to wear!
Purple is my favorite color so it didn't take long for me to decide to purchase this.  It has a great feel and looks just like the picture.  I always knock my wrist but it has not cracked or scratched and I have had many inquiries about where I got it!Keeps time perfectly so far!Great value and super cute!
The top of the cap is not lined. Only the flaps are lined. Size is smaller than expected. I can't wear it. I am not happy with this purchase.
The show were not well made at all... Some of the chains were loose before I was able to put them on and the were not comfortable at all... I probably won't were them ever again....
It is a beautiful bra but cup on the small side. Since it is a maternity/nursing bra one would think it would be based on you pre-nursing size. well it is not. you have to go a bit bigger (at least a cup size) to account for you added milk supply. Total bummer for me cuz now I have a bra that I bulge out in unless I have just feed or pumped.
I loved these pumps. I ordered them overnight delivery for my daughter's christening. They were comfortable and the rubber sole made me confident that I could move around quickly and comfortably while holding my young daughter. The fit was true to size and for smacking brand new shoes on and going that day...NO BLISTERS! I would recommend these pumps to a friend and I intend on purchasing more in diff colors.
A few months ago I was looking to transition into minimalist running shoes for a variety of reasons.  However, I tried to transition too fast and ended up with tendonitis in my ankle.  Just recently I discovered the Asics 33 line and a friend gave me a pair of Blurs to try.  I absolutely love them.  They are a minimalist style shoe with a enough cushioning to enable a smooth transition to an even more minimal shoe, or to use if you are the type of runner that needs a little more cushioning than barefoot running, or runs on pavement a lot.  These are also great shoes for the gym.
I normally don't write reviews about products, but these boots exceeded my expectations. They feel light on your feet, very sturdy, and are incredibly comfortable. Easy on and off. I am very satisfied with this purchase and am considering getting a second pair (in black).
Perfect pair of shorts for the &#34;big guy.&#34;  He always wants pockets in whatever he is wearing & likes the wide waistbands not the drawstring bands. This fit the bill perfectly!
I like them. Though nicely padded and flexible, I don't think I could stand for too long on these or walk longer than 5000 steps, other than that I am happy with them.Delivery of them was great, they came quickly. Thank you.
great thongs and very comfortable, it takes a little bit for your feet to get used them, so go for short walks in the beginning. The only downfall, I have pretty narrow feet and where a size 9, these are just a hair too big and my contribute to awkward rubbing that occurs after a longer walk, but beyond that, i love them! And i swear I feel a slight soreness in my hips and quads after!!
My grandson's favorite color is green.  He picked these Lego Crocs out himself.  They were true to size and he loves them.  We got many nice compliments wherever he wore them.  Like most Crocs, these are easy to put on, so he doesn't have to struggle with laces or complicated straps.  He just slips them on and away we go.
It was very sparkly and shiny but shortly after wearing the chain it started to turn yellow. Disappointing. I wouldn't recommend purchasing it.
These were water proof, warm and attractive. They met all the criteria. They will work perfect. Now have to order two more pair for others.
I am wearing my ring now. I bought it as an alternative to wearing my wedding ring set. I don't like wearing my big diamond ring when its raining or snowing because I am afraid it might fall off. So i ordered this as an alternative. I'm very happy with it. It looks exactly like the picture. The diamonds go all the way around. It is great quality for the price. I recommend it.
When I had to ask the seller a question, I got a response right away and I received my shoes promptly and I love them! I would definately buy from this seller again.
i orderd this hat as a camping hat it fits like a glove the quality is perfect looks authentic and is perfect for the family history buff
Make sure when you order you get a size at least one or two sizes bigger. Normally I wear a 9 and a half so I ordered at 10. They were way too small. When I went to return them, I called the company and they said I needed to return them in the box they came in, but I had thrown it out. It cost me $12 to return the shoes. In order to get a new pair I had to pay again $6 for the shipping so all in all it became a pain and very costly.This is the second pair I have worn for zumba and they work well and are more stylish than other zumba shoes.
Even though the sizei ordered was 14 and I am a 12, I didn't mind at all. I figured its not as bad. I really love the color and the design, it's appropriate and it's not something my grand kids will ask grandma what are you wearing that for?
This watch is really easy to use as well as stylish. There is also a strong back light on the watch which is really handy and the watch itself is light but seems durable. Overall I am really pleased with the purchase!!!
Looks and feels great  absolutely love it  tempted to get two more coolibars
I ordered this ring as a substitute for my diamond wedding band because I was going on a deployment to Afghanistan.  This is an absolutely lovely ring!  It fits perfect and is very sturdy.  The detail/design on this ring is beautiful.  You cannot even tell it was an inexpensive ring.  If you are on the fence between this ring and another one, go with this one, you will not be disappointed.
This purse is too flimsy,  it's like you put it down and the whole purse falls,like a body that goes limpThe color is georgous, inside purse storage is great, but the body of the purse is limp
This is the worst item of clothing I ever purchased. It's proportions are completely off it's too narrow and extremely long. It's not a sweatshirt because it's material is paper thin. It's not worth returning because shipping would cost more than it's worth. I would just keep it for pajamas but it's not even soft. I'll give it to my husband for a car rag.
I really love this shoe. It is really beautiful, like most Sam Edelman shoes. The only problem I have with this shoe is that the fit is somewhat tight. This is my fifth Sam Edelman purchase, and one thing I have learned from this brand, is the inconsistancy of the sizing. My Sam Edelman boots are in a size 6.5, my sam edelman sandals are size 7.5. I ordered a pair of wedge sandals in 7.5 and they were huge, and this pump I ordered in a 7 and it is tight. Certainly is confusing when trying to order multiple shoes from this brand. Nevertheless, this shoe is gorgeous, but you may have to return/try different sizes to find the correct one. For the price though, and the ease of ordering through Amazon, I would still recommend them.
My granddaughter asked for Sketchers sparkle toes for Christmas.  I had to google it to find out what they were!  Amazon made it easy for me to order, and they were delivered right on time.  These shoes made my grandchild's eyes sparkle as brightly as her new Sketchers!  Now I have to order my other granddaughter a pair for her birthday!
I loved this shirt! It runs a little small, so I had to get the med/lg. and it was perfect.
These shoes are great. Walked all over NYC and no foot problem. Love these shoes and own several pairs of them..
I'm not sure if this is a problem only with the Black color bracelet, but what was shown in the product photos was not what was shipped to me. My bracelet came to me with larger gems and they were spaced apart far enough that you could see the bead's surface (which was either plastic or wood). The product photos show a bead that is completely covered encrusted. See my customer photos to see what I mean and to compare with Amazon's photos. This wasn't nearly as nice as I expected.
NOTHING CAN EVER TAKE THE PLACE OF A TRIED & TRUE PAIR OF CHUCK TAYLOR ALL-STARS. (WE CALLED THEM BO-BOS IN THE 70'S)
The top has no darts in the chest area and the pants don't fit well in the seat.  It's as if this set was made for a very large child!
From the moment I opened the box and put the straps over my shoulder, I knew this was the bag.  I ordered black which is more of a charcoal gray and goes with everything. There is another model which looks very similar but has larger dimensions.  I find it easier to find my things because there is only one zippered pocket.  In bags that have tons of pockets inside and out, I can never remember where I put my things.  I end up looking in ten places before I find my keys.  The quality is amazing.  My biggest dilemma was deciding on the color.The reviews were very helpful in deciding on this bag.
i wear these under my jeans with holes, so i can still enjoy my favorite jeans
I bought this as a first jewelry piece for my 11 year old daughter. I wanted something timeless that she would be able to wear for a long time. I thought this initial disc was attractive and well made. I had looked around on line for a long time to find this and really believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.
vegan professional striped- 38 is too big and would need 2 pairs of thick socks and heel slips out, 37 is too small and would only be able to use a very thin sock....hmmmm. advice anyone? i wear a solid 7.5 in most shoes.
These shoes are made well with great quality leather. They fit true to size and they are cushioned on the inside. The cut out by the ankle is very sassy. The colour is like a creamy butter and is perfect as neutral. The wedge is comfortable. You do not need any insoles for these shoes. All shoes/pumps/sandals by Corso Como are cushioned to perfection in all the right places.
Excellent.  Fits both a pad of paper and an iPad 2.  Lots of slots, pen holder and great looking design (crisp and professional).Great value for the money.  And it fits in a laptop bag easily.  Highly recommended.
Like other reviewers, these duffle bags (of any size) do not stand upright when fully packed.  However, I would buy them over again as they perform like troopers.  Airlines didn't damage them, train trips didn't damage them, luggage handlers and hotel bellmen threw them around with abandon and not a mark, scuff, fray or break.  All over England and Scotland I stuffed and restuffed them to the point of zipper failure, but the zippers did not fail!  The rolling mechanism is smooth and strong, even when I stacked a smaller bag on top.  There are handles everywhere you need one, and external and internal pockets to use or not.  Easy to find on the carousel.  Recommend them highly.
Fits great and has a high quality look. My dad wears it on the boat and gets tons of honks from fellow boaters!!